
Overview
--------

	This is (probably) the first software RF decoder for Laserdiscs.

	While the LaserDisc format was the first consumer optical disk 
available, and very similar to CD's in a lot of ways, it was actually an
analog system, owing to the technology available in the 1970's.

	Out of all consumer analog formats, LaserDisc was the only one to 
directly/fully encode NTSC and PAL video.  This is good and bad - while it 
is capable of better resolution, especially color resolution, it is 
vulnerable to chroma noise and needs good processing.

	The video itself is encoded in FM, with 7.6mhz being the sync pulse,
8.1mhz black, and 9.3mhz the white tip.	

	Analog audio is also FM encoded - the left channel is at about 2.3mhz,
right at 2.8.  Digital audio is exactly the same as CD audio, with preemphasis
used to prevent affecting the other signals on the disk.

	AC3 is a special case, replacing the right analog channel.  Unfortunatly
I have been unable to find complete information and I do not have an AC3 decoder,
so I am presently unable to create a decoder.  Too bad, since that is probably
the best application for my software decoding technology!

---

The programs:

- cxadc-linux3 (a sep. project on github) - this is a 28mhz (8x FSC) capture
system using a Connexxant CX23880 video capture card.  By far the cheapest
broadband ADC available, albeit discontinued. 

- ld-decoder.cxx (ld) - This program converts the FM video signal directly into
a 16-bit grayscale raw image (1820x*). 

- tbc.cxx - This program takes the output of ld and performs time base correction.
The output is very similar to the composite output of a LaserDisc player, but I
do not have a way to convert it directly into composite output... yet.

- ntsc-decoder.cxx - This program takes the tbc output and converts it into a 
sequence of 1536x480 16-bit RGB color frames.  It uses a simple 1D/heterodyne
comb filter, which albeit primitive performs well (albeit not perfectly!)
on 1980's LaserDisc material. 

